Quick patient is here
Old horse go home
Why are you pretending to be a doctor again?
Who Am I?
Where am I?
Oh, I remember now.
An old cow in our village is sick
I have to go
I wanted to wait for this agreement to expire
No matter what, take Xixi and the chicken away
And now I have cancer.
What will happen to the two children?
Why did you suddenly read the marriage agreement by car?
We will divorce in 3 years
Only divorce
To find new weapons for children
You want to divorce me?
Isn't it a matter of time anyway?
Actually, I want to ask about the children
If you don't want to divorce me
Why do you suddenly care about things three years later?